{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1251\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red127\green127\blue127;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c57046\c57047\c57046;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 It\'92s hard for me to associate myself with \cf2 the\cf0  place I live in. My home is not a 
\f1\b \cf2 statement. It\'92s
\f0\b0  \cf0 more like a shelter and a place that helps me live better and work harder. \cf2 My dream home\cf0  is a place that provides full functionality and comfort. I want it to be as simple as possible. I \cf2 [would also] \cf0 like to fill it with smart devices which \cf2 can be controlled through my phone\cf0 . In terms of design, it should be minimalistic. White walls, little furniture, and open spaces. I want to live in an apartment because houses are usually located outside cities. But if it is possible to have a house not very far from a city, I want a swimming pool and a gym in my backyard. \
\
Smart homes for me are not such \cf2 a\cf3  \cf0 questionable technology as dog walking drones. They don't have many 
\f1\b \cf2 drawbacks and most
\f0\b0  \cf0 of them are security \cf2 problems\cf0 . And that technology already has real-life realizations, Xanadu for example. Projects like Xanadu help us to sharpen and modernize smart home technologies. All in all, it\'92s just a way to manage and control your home. They don\'92t need to be configured 
\f1\b \cf2 a lot and you
\f0\b0 \cf0  just need to set it up once. \
\
Talking about smart homes we discussed in class, I liked Monticello the most. The \cf2 i\cf0 nterior seemed to be really minimalistic and simple.\cf2  I think it would be the home of my dream, if it had some smart home devices and some interior updates. \cf0 \
\
}