{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1251\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'93My [home] is me and I am it. My [home] is where I like to be and it looks like all my dreams.\'94 Is this true for you? In what ways? \'93[Homes] are a statement, and a sign of yearnings.\'94 Assuming that you can have any home that you want, what are your yearnings? Would you like it to be smart\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 We have gone inside four different homes \'96 Monticello, La Casa Azul, Fallingwater and Xanadu 2.0 \'96 each of them extraordinary in its own way. Which of them impressed you the most?\
What is good about smart homes? What is not so good about them? List all of the benefits and drawbacks of living in a smart home, keeping in mind that some features can be both.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 \
\
\
It\'92s hard for me to associate myself with a place I live in. My home is not a statement it\'92s more like a shelter and a place that helps me live better and work harder. Home of a dream for me is a place that provides full functionality and comfort. I want it to be as simple as possible. I also would like to fill it with smart devices which can be controlled by my phone. In terms of design, it should be minimalistic. White walls, little furniture, and open spaces. I want to live in an apartment because houses are usually located outside cities. But if it is possible to have a house not very far from a city, I want a swimming pool and a gym in my backyard. \
\
Smart homes for me are not such questionable technology as dog walking drones. They don't have many drawbacks, most of them are security issues. And that technology already has real-life realizations, Xanadu for example. Projects like Xanadu help us to sharpen and modernize smart home technologies. All in all, it\'92s just a way to manage and control your home. They don\'92t need to be configured a lot, you just need to set it up once. \
\
Talking about smart homes we discussed in class, I liked Monticello the most. The Interior seemed to be really minimalistic and simple. I think it could be the home of my dream if it would have some smart home devices and some interior updates. }