{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1251\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx4703\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 My grandfather is 72, he was an engineer-chemist. He has been doing a lot of dye and pigments at his work. In summers he usually does gardening at the dacha. At home he likes to cook, he knows a lot of meals and recipes. He has enjoyed fishing too, but recently he sold his car, so now it\'92s hard for him to go fishing\
\
I am 21 and I am a student. I want to be a software engineer. These days I pay a lot of my free time preparing for my final exams. I also like playing computer games and swimming. I also like cooking and sometimes I use my grandfather\'92s recipes to make something. \
\
My granddaughter will probably have a job related to technologies, as most people in the future will. I hope she will do some sports, maybe swimming as her grandfather does. In her free time, she will play some computer games in virtual reality. And I also think that she will have a smart home. \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
My mother is 46, she is a doctor. She lives in house, outside the city. On her free time she enjoys painting and having a banya. \
\
My father is 45, he is psychotherapist. He loves playing football and computer games. On his free time he also read a lot of books. \
\
My }