{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1251\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Farmers, as we all know, have a hard time of it in Britain lately, and have turned to new ways of earning income from their land. This involves not only planting new kinds of crops, but some strange ways of making money, the most unusual of which has got to be sheep racing. Yes, you\'92ve heard me correctly! A farmer in the West of England now holds sheep races on a regular basis, and during the past year over 100,000 people have turned up to watch the proceedings.\
\
'I was passing the farm on my way to the sea for a holiday,' one punter told me, 'and I thought I'd have a look. I didn`t believe it was serious, to tell you the truth.' According to a regular visitor, betting on sheep is more interesting than betting on horses. 'At proper horse races everyone has already studied the form of the horses in advance, and there are clear favourites. But nobody has heard anything about these sheep! Most people find it difficult to tell one from another in any case.' \
I had stayed to watch the races, and I must admit that I found it quite exciting. In a typical race, half a dozen sheep race downhill over a course of about half a mile. Food is waiting for them at the other end of the track, I ought to add! The sheep run surprisingly fast, although presumably they haven\'92t  eaten for a while just to give them some motivation. At any rate, the crowd around me obviously enjoyed their day out at the races, judging by their happy faces and the sense of excitement\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Since taking the pills, I\'92ve been feeling much better\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}The dog is stealing my socks\
{\listtext	3.	}I haven\'92t been to Paris since 1998\
{\listtext	4.	}I didn\'92t know that John had departed\
{\listtext	5.	}Several members of the class have not brought the books they borrowed back to the library\
{\listtext	6.	}It\'92s years since I\'92ve seen Ann\
{\listtext	7.	}By the time Harry left we reached the hotel\
{\listtext	8.	}Does Eldorado exists?\
{\listtext	9.	}So far \
{\listtext	10.	}If you won\'92t pay me back I tell the police\
{\listtext	11.	}I had  taken away \
{\listtext	12.	}If I would have enough money I could bought this dress\
{\listtext	13.	}The picture painted by Laura has been showing in the exhibition\
{\listtext	14.	}How much does this piece of meat weigh?\
{\listtext	15.	}In 5 month's time I will have written this book	\
{\listtext	16.	}What exactly are you intending to do?\
{\listtext	17.	}Patsy didn\'92t use to be so unfriendly\
{\listtext	18.	}The moment the film ends, we\'92ll have to leave\
{\listtext	19.	}By the time we came to the party Mary had already left\
{\listtext	20.	}Since drinking the wine I\'92ve been feeling sick\
{\listtext	21.	}This will be the first time the team has played outside England\
{\listtext	22.	}Once Terry gets over his illness, his work will improve\
{\listtext	23.	}As far as you arrive go to the international ticket desk\
{\listtext	24.	}When was the last time they went to Nairobi\
{\listtext	25.	}This book has to be finished by Monday\
{\listtext	26.	}The last time I saw her was when we were graduating from school\
{\listtext	27.	}This matter does not concern you\
{\listtext	28.	}In three years time we should have completed the bridge \
{\listtext	29.	}It won\'92t take us long to get to your house\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
}