{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1251\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. Wake up early to rapidly get ready for school\
2. Go to school\
3. Go to the swimming pool after school\
3. Come home and have a dinner \
4. Have some rest: play videogames, watch videos on YouTube or movies\
5. Do homework \
6. Spend some time with father\
7. Sleep\
\
\
\
1. Wake up, not as early as 5 years ago\
2. Calmly get ready to work\
3. Check my working chat for any tasks to do\
4. Pack my laptop and go to the university\
5. Read books in subway\
6. Have classes\
7. Go back home\
8. Work \
9. Play videogames with friends or watch movies\
10. Sleep\
\
Nastya`s schedule 5 years ago was really intense. In my opinion she had no time to rest. She did programming and shooting. But most of her time she paid to drawing and school. These days she is still focused on education and drawing, but because of moving to Saint Petersburg she had to drop some of her regular activities and pay attention to household duties, such as cooking, dishwashing, and others. And it is glad to hear that she rests sometimes, I think it helps her to handle with today\'92s regular activities. Nastya also spent time with her cats in Pskov. Now she has no opportunity to have a cat, she is sad about it and it feels like cats take important place in her life.}